this is Aubrey from
sportbiketrackgear.com and today we are
going to do the video review on the
all-new ladies black widow leather
jacket start off with a 360 for you
and we always like to remind you of our
hassle-free exchange policy we make it
simple and pleasant as a female writer I
know how important that it is we're just
going to dive right into sizing on this
jacket I am just over 510 weigh about
150 or so pounds and I am in a size
small and this jacket fits me perfectly
I have the the vest liner out doesn't
really add much bulk at all but I have
that out it fits me good and I really
like the way this jacket looks on I feel
like it's very flattering and it could
be really worn any type of writing or
just out and about you're not limited to
just wearing this jacket when you're on
the motorcycle it has a really sharp
look to it and nice lines you'll see it
has a lot of perforation on the inside
of the sleeves on the jacket itself and
has a nice red zipper on the front and
also in the sleeves this opens up which
also gives a little bit more movement
and ease of putting the jacket on you
have some nice zippers you know velcro
here down at the bottom snap at the top
as you can see this cut is kind of
perfect because when you're sitting on
the bike it's not going to bunch up and
make the jacket want to ride up when
you're in the seated position and on the
back they did a nice taper down here at
the bottom to give you that little bit
of extra necessary coverage when you're
leaned over on the bike zippers here you
can open this up make it a little bit
more comfortable and there's also a nice
adjustment system here on the side to
help tailor the fit of this jacket to
your body type inside of the jacket
you'll see the zipper for putting that
vest in nice pocket here
and overall really great jacket it comes
in sizes extra small to 2 XL and retails
for $349.95 stay tuned and we'll take
the jacket apart and give you a closer
look at the details ok here we go with
the inside out of the speed strength
black widow leather jacket for the
ladies
we're going to start off with the armor
we have the elbow and shoulder armor is
sea level proofed it's the vault armor
from speed strength it is really nice
and flexible and moldable as you can see
here it's gonna offer you a nice level
of protection in this jacket it comes
with the back pants this is sea level
waterproof and also will give you a nice
nice level protection and it is pretty
flexible so it should be pretty
comfortable when it's inside the jacket
it also comes with a insulated vest
liner so you can zip this into the
jacket it's gonna close off the
perforation in the jacket it's also
going to help keep you warm on the
cooler riding days and then it's also
nice and slim so you can go ahead and
take it out and it's gonna allow you to
have a little bit more comfort when it's
a little bit warmer it warms up
throughout the day some of the jacket
features itself as you can see it I mean
this is a really sharp jacket it has
nice lines
the seams here on the front and when we
turn the jacket over you'll see in the
back of the jacket it has a nice
feminine cut to it accentuates the
curves and it looks really really sharp
on nice big perforation holes throughout
the front and on the inside of the
sleeve here and this is really a true
perforation a nice big hole so it's
going to allow a lot of air flow through
this jacket to help keep you cool on any
of the warmer days that you are you're
riding some nice features nice collar
snap here at the top the red zipper is a
nice touch too because it also gives a
little bit of pop of color you have nice
pockets on front on the front here
velcro tab at the bottom of the jack
get to help keep it closed and as you
can see to the bottom of this jacket has
a nice cut right here on the front to
help it from riding up when you're in
the seating position on the bike side
there's this nice belt here it's
adjustable to tighten up the jacket or
loosen up a little bit to help fit your
body tight back of the jacket once again
you'll see these nice seams these nice
lines to help accentuate your curves and
you also notice here you can't really
see it right now but there's a
reflective piping nice thing about this
is you don't really see it during the
day but it's gonna pop at nighttime and
give you that visibility that you need
some nice logos here on the back and I'm
going to back the sleeve and also there
the zippers here at the bottom of the
jacket so you can loosen that up so the
jacket doesn't ride up on you when
you're seated sitting on the bike and
also has a nice extra taper here down at
the bottom to help give you the extra
coverage you might be looking for when
you're leaned over inside of the jacket
you will notice there's the zipper here
to put that liner in you have a pocket
on the inside the pocket for the back
pad and then also you have snaps here at
the bottom that you can connect to the
belt loops on your pants to help keep
the jacket in place for you and this is
Aubrey from sportbiketrackgear.com and
this is the speed strength ladies black
widow leather jacket